Combining our infrastructure strengths, the latest AI capabilities are high bar for information quality, our decades of experience connecting you to the richness of the web, the result is a product that does the work for you. Google search is a generative AI at the scale of human curiosity and it's our most exciting chapter of search yet. To tell you more here's list. Thanks Sundar. With each of these platform shifts we haven't just adapted. We've expanded what's possible with Google search. And now with generative AI search will do more for you than you ever imagined. So whatever is on your mind and whatever you need to get done. Just ask and Google will do the googling for you. All the advancements you'll see today are made possible by a new Gemini model customized for Google search. What really sets this apart is our three unique strengths. First are real time information with over a trillion facts about people, places and things. Second are in parallel to ranking and quality systems trusted for decades to get you the very best of the web. And the power of Gemini, which unlocks new agent of capabilities right in search. By bringing these three things all together we're able to dramatically expand what's possible with Google search. Yet again, this is search in the Gemini era. So let's dig in. You've heard today about AI overviews and how helpful people are finding them. So Google does the work for you. Instead of piecing together all the information yourself, you can ask your question. And as you see here, you can get an answer instantly complete with a range of perspectives and links to dive deeper. As Sundar shared, AI overviews will begin rolling out to everyone in the US starting today with more countries soon. And by the end of the year, AI overviews will come to over a billion people in Google search. But this is just the first step. We're making AI overviews even more helpful for your most complex questions. The types that are really more like ten questions in one. You can ask your entire question with all its sub questions and get an AI overview in seconds. To make this possible, we're introducing multi-step reasoning in Google search. So Google can do the researching for you. For example, let's say you've been trying to get into yoga and Pilates. Finding the right studio can take a lot of research. There's so many factors you need to consider. Soon you'll be able to ask search to find the best yoga Pilates to use in Boston and show you details on their inter offers and the walking time from Beacon Hill. As you can see here, Google gets to work for you, finding the most relevant information and bringing it together into your AI overview. You get some studios with great ratings and their introductory offers. And you can see the distance for each. Like this one, it's just a ten minute walk away. Right below, you see where they're located, laid out visually. And you got all this from just a single search. Under the hood, our custom Gemini model acts as your AI agent using what we call multi-step reasoning. It breaks your bigger question down into all its parts. And it figures out which problems it needs to solve and in what order. And thanks to our real-time info and ranking expertise, it reasons using the highest quality information out there. So since you're asking about places, it taps into Google's index of information about the real world with over 250 million places and updated in real time, including their ratings, reviews, business hours, and more. Research that might have taken you minutes or even hours Google can now do on your behalf in just seconds. Next, let me show you another way multi-step reasoning and Google search can make your life that much easier. Take planning, for example. Dreaming of trips and meal plans can be fun. But doing the work of actually figuring it all out? No, thank you. With Gemini in search, Google does the planning with you. Planning is really hard for AI to get right. It's the type of problem that takes advanced reasoning and logic. After all, if you're meal planning, you probably don't want mac and cheese for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Okay, my tips might, but say you're looking for a bit more variety. Now you can ask search to create a three-day meal plan for a group that's easy to prepare. And here you get a plan with a wide range of recipes from across the web. This one for overnight oats looks particularly interesting. And you can easily head over to the website to learn how to prepare them. If you want to get more veggies in, you can simply ask search to swap in a vegetarian dish. And just like that, search customizes your meal plan. And you can export your meal plan or get the ingredients as a list just by tapping here. Looking ahead, you can imagine asking Google to add everything to your preferred shopping cart. Then we're really cooking. And the capabilities mean search will be able to help plan everything from meals and trips to parties, dates, work out routines, and more. So you can get all the fun of planning without any of the hassle. You've seen how Google search can help with increasingly complex questions and planning. But what about all those times when you don't know exactly what to ask? And you need some help brainstorming. When you come to search for ideas, you'll get more than an AI generate answer. You'll get an entire AI organized page. Custom built for you. End your question. Say you're heading to Dallas to celebrate your anniversary. And you're looking for the perfect restaurant. What you get here breaks AI out of the box. And it brings it to the whole page. Our Gemini model, and covers the most interesting angles for you to explore. And organizes these results into these helpful clusters. Like you might never have considered restaurants with live music. Or ones with historic charm. Our model even uses contextual factors like the time of the year. So since it's warm in Dallas, you can get rooftop patios as an idea. And it pulls everything together into a dynamic whole page experience. You'll start to see this new AI organized search results page when you look for inspiration. Starting with dining and recipes and coming to movies, music, books, hotels, shopping, and more. Applause Today you've seen how you can bring any question to search. And Google takes the work out of searching. But your questions aren't limited to words in a text box. And sometimes even that picture can't tell the whole story. Earlier, Demis showed you our latest advancements in video understanding. And I'm really excited to share that soon you'll be able to ask questions with video right in Google search. Let me introduce Rose to show you this in a live demo. Thank you Liz. I have always known a record player. And I got this one and some vinyls that you're selling recently. But when I go to play it, this thing keeps sliding off. I have no idea how to fix it. Well, where to even start? Before, I would have pieced together a bunch of searches to try to figure this out. Like, what make is this record player? What's the model? And what does this thing actually call? But now, I can just ask of a video. So let's try it. Let's do a live demo. I'm going to take a video and ask Google, why will this not stay in place? In the near instant, Google gives me an AI overview. I guess some reasons this might be happening. And steps I can take to troubleshoot. So like first, this is called a toner. Very helpful. And it looks like it may be unbalanced. And there's some really helpful steps here. And I love that because I'm new to all this. I can check out this helpful link from AudioTechnica to learn even more. So that was pretty quick. There. Let me walk you through what just happened. Thanks to your combination of our steady art speech models, our deep visual understanding, and our custom Gemini model, search was able to understand the question I asked out loud, break down the video frame by frame. Each frame was fed into Gemini's long context window you heard about earlier today. So search could then pinpoint the exact make a model of my record player and make sense of the motion across frames, so identify the tone I'm was drifting. Search fan doubt and comb the web to find relevant insights and articles, forums, videos, and more. And as such, all of this together into my AI overview. The result was music to my ears. Back to your lives. Applause. Everything you saw today is just a glimpse of how we're reimagining Google Search in the Gemini era. We're taking the very best of what makes Google Google. All the reasons why billions of people turn to Google Search and have relied on us for decades. And we're bringing in the power of Gemini's agent of capabilities. So Google will do the searching, the researching, the planning, the brainstorming, and so much more. All you need to do is just ask. You'll start to see these features rolling out in search in the coming weeks. Opt into search labs to be among the first to try them out. Now let's take a look at how this all comes together in Google Search this year. I got that swagger, I got the feet, I got that no, no, no, no, no, no, no, say. I got that extra, got the real deal, then I just did you, did you do my thing, do my thing, do my thing, I got that hush, that straight up swing. I got that no, no, no, no, no, no, say. Do my thing, do my thing, I got the stuff that just walks now. I just do my thing, do my thing, I got the news, yeah. No, no, no, no, no, I got the news, yeah. Why is the lever not moving all the way? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I got the news stuff. Since last May, we've been hard at work making German-IFA workspace, even more helpful for businesses and consumers across the world. Tens of thousands of customers have been using Help Me Right, Help Me Visualize, Help Me Organize, Since We Launched. And now, we're really excited that the new German-I-powered side panel will be generally available next month. One of our customers is a local favorite right here in California, sports basement. They rolled out German-IFA workspace to the organization, and this has helped improve the productivity of their customer support team by more than 30%. Customers love how German-I-grows participation in meetings with automatic language detection and real-time captions now expanding to 68 languages. We are really excited about what German-I1.5-PRIF-PRO unlocks for workspace and AI premiums customers. Let me start by showing you three new capabilities coming to Gmail Mobile. This is my Gmail account. Okay, there's an email up top from my husband. Help Me sort out the roof repair thing, please. Now, we've been trying to find a contractor to fix our roofs, and with Work Travel, I have clearly dropped the ball. It looks like there's an email thread on this with lots of emails that I haven't read. And luckily for me, I can simply tap the summarized option up top and skip reading this long back and forth. Now, German-I pulls up this helpful mobile card as an overlay, and this is where I can read a nice summary of all the salient information that I need to know. So I see here that we have a quote from Jeff at Green Roofing, and he's ready to start. Now, I know we had other bids, and I don't remember the details. Previously, I would have had to do a number of searches in Gmail and then remember and compare information across different emails. Now, I can simply type out my question right here in the mobile card and say something like, compare my roof repair bids by price and availability. This new Q&A feature makes it so easy to get quick answers on anything in my inbox. For example, when am I shoes arriving, or what time the doors open for the next game, without having to first search Gmail and open the email, and then look for the specific information and attachments, and so on. Anyway, back to my roof. It looks like German-I has found details that I got from two other contractors in completely different email threads, and I have this really nicely organized summary, and I can do a quick comparison. So it seems like Jeff's quote was right in the middle, and he can start immediately, so Green Roofing it is. I'll open that last email from Jeff and confirm the project, and look at that. I see some suggested replies from Gemini. Now, what is really, really neat about this evolution of smart reply is that it's contextual. Gemini understood the back and forth in that thread, and that Jeff was ready to start, so offers me a few customized options based on that context. So, you know, here I see I have declined the service, suggested new time. I'll choose proceed and confirm time. I can even see a preview of the full reply simply by long pressing. This looks reasonable, so I'll hit send. These new capabilities in Gemini and Gmail will start rolling out this month to labs users. Okay, so one of the really neat things about Workspace Apps, like Gmail, Drive, Docs, Calendar, is how well they work together. And in our daily lives, we often have information that flows from one app to another, like say adding a calendar entry from Gmail, or creating reminders from a spreadsheet tracker. But what if Gemini can make these journeys totally seamless, perhaps even automate them for you entirely? So, let me show you what I mean with a real life example. My sister is a self-employed photographer, and her inbox is full of appointment bookings, receipts, client feedback on photos, and so much more. Now, if you're a freelancer or a small business, you really want to focus on your craft and not on bookkeeping and logistics. So, let's go to her inbox and take a look. Lots of unread emails. Let's click on the first one. It's got a PDF. That's an attachment from a hotel as a receipt, and I see a suggestion in the side panel. Help me organize and track my receipts. Let's click on this prompt. The side panel now will show me more details about what that really means. And as you can see, there's two steps here. Step one, create a drive folder, and put this receipt, and 37 others it's found, into that folder. Make sense. Step two, extract the relevant information from those receipts in that folder into a new spreadsheet. Now, this sounds useful. Why not? I also have the option to edit these actions, or just hit OK. So let's hit OK. Gemini will now complete the two steps described above, and this is where it gets even better. Gemini offers you the option to automate this, so that this particular workflow is run on all future emails, keeping your drive folder in an expense sheet, up to date, with no effort from you. Now, we know that creating a complex spreadsheet like this can be daunting for most people. But with this automation, Gemini does the hard work of extracting all the right information from all the files, and in that folder, and generates this sheet for you. So let's take a look. OK, it's super well organized, and it even has a category for expense type. Now, we have the sheet. Things can get even more fun. We can ask Gemini questions, questions like, show me where the money is spent. Gemini not only analyzes the data from the sheet, but also creates a nice visual to help me see the complete breakdown by category. You can imagine how this extends to all sorts of use cases in your inbox, like travel expenses, shopping, remodeling projects, you name it. All of that information in Gmail can be put to good use, and help you work, plan, and play better. Now, this particular... I know. This particular ability to organize your attachments and drive and generate a sheet and do data analysis via Q&A will be rolling out to labs users this September. And it's just one of the many automations that we're working on in workspace. Workspace in the Gemini era will continue to unlock new ways of getting things done. We're building advanced agent of experiences, including customizing how you use Gemini. Now, as we look to 2025 and beyond, we're exploring entirely new ways of working with AI. Now, with Gemini, you have an AI-powered assistant always at your side. But what if you could expand how you interact with AI? For example, when we work with other people, we mention them in comments and docs, or we send them emails, we have group chats with them, etc. And it's not just how we collaborate with each other, but we each have a specific role to play in the team. And as the team works together, we build a set of collective experiences and context to learn from each other. We have the combined set of skills to draw from when we need help. So how could we introduce AI into this mix and build on this shared expertise? Well, here's one way. We're prototyping a virtual Gemini-powered teammate. This teammate has an identity, a workspace account, along with the specific role and objectives. Let me bring Tony up to show you what I mean. Hey, Tony. Hey, partner. Hey, everyone. Okay. So let me start by showing you how we set up this virtual teammate. As you can see, the teammate has this very own account, and we can go ahead and give it a name. We'll do something fun like Chip.