Chip's been given a specific job role at the set of descriptions on how to be helpful for the team. You can see that here. And some of the jobs are to monitor and track projects. We've listed a few out to organize information and provide context and a few more things. Now that we've configured our virtual teammate, let's go ahead and see Chip in action to do that. I'll switch us over here to Google Chat. First, when planning for an event like IO, we have a ton of chat rooms for various purposes. Luckily for me, Chip is in all of them. To quickly catch up, I might ask a question like, anyone know if our IO storyboards are approved? Because we've instructed Chip to track this project, Chip searches across all the conversations and knows respond with an answer. There it is. Simple but very helpful. Now, as the team adds Chip to more group chats, more files, more email threads, Chip builds a collective memory of our work together. Let's look at an example to show you all switch over to a different room. How about a project sapphire over here? And here we are discussing a product release coming up. And as usual, many pieces are still in flight. So I can go ahead and ask, are we on track for launch? Chip gets to work not only searching through everything it has access to, but also synthesizing what's found and coming back with an up-to-date response. There it is. A clear timeline and a summary, and notice even in this first message here, Chip flags a potential issue the team should be aware of. Because we're in a group space, everyone can follow along, anyone can jump in at any time, as you see someone just did, asking Chip to help create a doc to help address the issue. A task like this could take me hours, dozens of hours, Chip can get all done in just a few minutes, sending the doc over right when it's ready. And so much of this practical helpfulness comes from how we've customized Chip to our team's needs, and how seamlessly this AI is integrated directly into where we're already working. Back to you, Aparna. Thank you, Tony. Now, I can imagine a number of virtual types of virtual teammates configured by businesses to help them do what they need. Now, we have a lot of work to do to figure out how to bring these agent of experiences like virtual teammates into workspace, including enabling third parties to make their very own versions of Chip. We're excited about where this is headed, so stay tuned. And as Gemini and its capabilities continue to evolve, we're diligently bringing that power directly into workspace to make all our users more productive and creative, both at home and at work. And now, over to Sissy to tell you more about Gemini app. Our vision for the Gemini app is to be the most helpful personal AI assistant by giving you direct access to Google's latest AI models. Gemini can help you learn, create, code, and anything else you can imagine. And over the past year, Gemini has put Google's AI in the hands of millions of people with experiences designed for your phone and the web. We also launched Gemini Advanced, our premium subscription for access to the latest AI innovations from Google. Today, we'll show you how Gemini is delivering our most intelligent AI experience. Let's start with the Gemini app, which is redefining how we interact with AI. It's natively multimodal, so you can use text, voice, or your phone's camera to express yourself naturally. And this summer, you can have an in-depth conversation with Gemini using your voice. We're calling this new experience live. Using Google's latest speech models, Gemini can better understand you and answer naturally. You can even interrupt while Gemini is responding, and it will adapt to your speech patterns. And this is just the beginning. We're excited to bring the speed gains and video understanding capabilities from Project Astra to the Gemini app. When you go live, you'll be able to open your camera so Gemini can see what you see and respond to your surroundings in real time. Now, the way I use Gemini isn't the way you use Gemini. So we're rolling out a new feature that lets you customize it for your own needs and create personal experts on any topic you want. We're calling these gems. They're really simple to set up. Just tap to create a gem, write your instructions once, and come back whenever you need it. For example, here's a gem that I created that acts as a personal writing coach. It specializes in short stories with mysterious twists, and it even builds on the story drafts in my Google Drive. I call it the cliffhanger curator. Now, gems are a great time saver when you have specific ways that you want to interact with Gemini again and again. Gems will roll out in the coming months, and our trusted testers are already finding so many creative ways to put them to use. They can act as your yoga bestie, your personal sous chef, a brand new calculus tutor, a peer reviewer for your code, and so much more. Next, I'll show you how Gemini is taking a step closer to being a true AI assistant by planning and taking actions for you. Now, we all know that chatbots can give you ideas for your next vacation, but there's a lot more that goes into planning a great trip. It requires reasoning that considers space, time logistics, and the intelligence to prioritize and make decisions. That reasoning and intelligence all come together in the new trip planning experience in Gemini advanced. Now, it all starts with a prompt. Okay, so here we go. We're going to Miami. My son loves art. My husband loves seafood. And our flight and hotel details are already in my Gmail inbox. Now, there's a lot going on in that prompt. Everyone has their own things that they want to do. To make sense of these variables, Gemini starts by gathering all kinds of information from search and helpful extensions like maps and Gmail. It uses that data to create a dynamic graph of possible travel options, taking into account all of my priorities and constraints. The end result is a personalized vacation plan presented in Gemini's new dynamic UI. Now, based on my flight information, Gemini knows that I needed two and a half day, itinerary. And you can see how Gemini uses spatial data to make decisions. Our flight lands in the late afternoon, so Gemini skips a big activity that day and finds a highly rated seafood restaurant close to our hotel. Now, on Sunday, we have a jam packed day. I like these recommendations, but my family likes to sleep in. So I tap to change the start time. And just like that, Gemini adjusted my intunary for the rest of the trip. It moved our walking tour to the next day and added lunch options near the street art museum to make the most of our Sunday afternoon. This looks great. It would have taken me hours of work checking multiple sources, figuring out schedules. And Gemini did this in a fraction of the time. This new trip planning experience will be rolling out to Gemini Advanced this summer, just in time to help you plan your own Labor Day weekend. Alright, we saved the best for last. You heard Sundar say earlier that starting today, Gemini Advanced subscribers get access to Gemini 1.5 pro with 1 million tokens. That is the longest context window of any chatbot in the world. It unlocks incredible new potential in AI so you can tackle complex problems that were previously unimaginable. You can upload a PDF up to 1500 pages long or multiple files to get insights across a project. And soon you can upload as much as 30,000 lines of code or even an hour long video. Gemini Advanced is the only chatbot that lets you process this amount of information. Now just imagine how useful this will be for students. Let's say you spent months on your thesis and you could really use a fresh perspective. You can upload your entire thesis, your sources, your notes, your research, and soon interview audio recordings and videos too. So Gemini has all of this context to give you actionable advice. It can dissect your main points, identify improvements, and even role play as your professor. So you can feel confident in your work. And check out what Gemini Advanced can do with your spreadsheets, with the new data analysis feature launching in the coming weeks. Maybe you have a side hustle selling handcrafted products, but you're a better artist than accountant. And it's really hard to understand which products are worth your time. Simply upload all of your spreadsheets and ask Gemini to visualize your earnings and help you understand your profit. Gemini goes to work, calculating your returns, and pulling its analysis together into a single chart so you can easily understand which products are really paying off. Now behind the scenes, Gemini writes custom Python code to crunch these numbers. And of course your files are not used to train our models. Oh, and just one more thing. Later this year, we'll be doubling the long context window to two million tokens. We absolutely can't wait for you to try all of this for yourself. Gemini is continuing to evolve and improve at a breakthrough pace. We're making Gemini more multimodal, more agentive, and more intelligent, with the capacity to process the most information of any chatbot in the world. And as you heard earlier, we're also expanding Gemini Advanced to over 35 supported languages available today. But of course, what makes Gemini so compelling is how easy it is to do just about anything you want with a simple prompt. Let's take a look. Enter a prompt here. Okay, it can be that hard. How about generate an image of a cat playing guitar? Is that how it works? Am I doing AI? Yeah, it just does whatever you type. What a last minute gift ideas you can make with arts and crafts. Plan a workout routine to get bigger calves. Help me think of titles my tell all men war. What's something smart I can say about Renoir? Generate another image of a cat playing guitar. If a girl calls me a snack, how do I reply? Yeah, that's how it works. You do AI. Make this email sound more professional before it hits. What's a good excuse to cancel dinner with my friends? We're literally sitting right here. No wrong way to prompt. Hey, if you begin your own way to prompt, just every time you're prompting a prompt bar. Or just generate an image of a cat playing guitar. You know, it can do other stuff, right? Hi, everyone. It's great to be back at Google I.O. Today, you've seen how AI is transforming our products across Gemini, search, workspace, and more. We're bringing all these innovations right onto your Android phone. And we're going even further to make Android the best place to experience Google AI. This new era of AI is a profound opportunity to make smart phones truly smart. Our phones have come a long way in a short time. But if you think about it, it's been years since the user experience has fundamentally transformed. This is a once in a generation moment to reinvent what phones can do. So we've embarked on a multi-year journey to reimagine Android with AI at the core. And it starts with three breakthroughs you'll see this year. First, we're putting AI-powered search right at your fingertips, creating entirely new ways to get the answers you need. Second, Gemini is becoming your new AI assistant on Android. There to help you anytime. And third, we're harnessing on device AI to unlock new experiences that work as fast as you do while keeping your sensitive data private. Let's start with AI-powered search. Earlier this year, we took an important first step at Samsung unpacked by introducing Circle to Search. It brings the best of search directly into the user experience. So you can go deeper on anything you see on your phone without switching apps. Fashionistas are finding the perfect shoes. Home chefs are discovering new ingredients. And with our latest update, it's never been easier to translate whatever's on your screen, like a social post in another language. And there are even more ways Circle to Search can help. One thing we've heard from students is that they're doing more of their school work directly on their phones and tablets. So we thought, could Circle to Search be your perfect study buddy? Let's say my son needs help with a tricky physics word problem, like this one. My first thought is, oh boy, it's been a while since I've thought about kinematics. If he stumped on this question, instead of putting me on the spot, he can circle the exact part he's stuck on and get step by step instructions. Right where he's already doing to work. Ah, of course, final velocity equals initial velocity plus acceleration times elapsed time. Right. I was just about to say that. Seriously though, I love how it shows how to solve the problem, not just the answer. This new capability is available today. And later this year, Circle to Search will be able to tackle more complex problems involving symbolic formulas, diagrams, graphs, and more. Circle to Search is only on Android. It's available on more than 100 million devices today, and we're on track to double that by the end of the year. You've already heard from Sissy about the incredible updates coming to the Gemini app. On Android, Gemini is so much more. It's becoming a foundational part of the Android experience. Here's Dave to share more. Hey everyone. A couple of months ago, we launched Gemini on Android. And like Circle to Search, Gemini works at the system level. So instead of going to a separate app, I can bring Gemini right to what I'm doing. Now, we're making Gemini context aware. So it can then dissipate what you're trying to do and provide more helpful suggestions in the moment. In other words, to be a more helpful assistant. So let me show you how this works. And I have my shiny new Pixel 8A here to help me. So my friend, Pete, is asking if I want to play pickleball this weekend. And I know how to play tennis, sort of. I had to say that for the demo. But I'm due to this pickleball thing. So I'm going to reply and try to be funny. And I'll say, is that like tennis, but with pickles? And I'll also be actually a lot of funnier with a meme. So let me bring up Gemini to help with that. And I'll say create image of tennis with pickles. Now, one you think you'll notice is that the Gemini window now hovers in place above the app. So they stay in the flow. Okay. So that generates some pretty good images. What's nice is like a then drag and drop any of these directly into the messages app below. So like so. Cool. Let me send that. All right. So Pete was typing and he says, he's done a video on how to play pickleball. All right. Thanks Pete. Let's tap on that. That launches YouTube. But you know, I only have one or two burning questions about the game. And I can bring up Gemini to help with that. And because it's context aware, Gemini knows I'm looking at a video. So it proactively shows me and ask this video chip. So let me tap on that. And now I can ask specific questions about the video. So for example, what is is kind of type the two bounce rule? Because that's something that I've heard about, but don't quite understand in the game. By the way, this uses signals like YouTube's captions, which means you can use it on billions of videos. So give it a moment and there. I get a nice succinct answer. The ball must bounce once on each side of the court after a serve. Okay. Cool. Let me go back to messages. And Pete's followed up and he says, you're an engineer. So here's the official rule book for pickleball. Okay. Thanks Pete. Peace very helpful, by the way. Okay. So we tap on that. Launches a PDF. That's an 84 page PDF. I don't know how much time Pete thinks I have. Anyway, us engineers, as you all know, like to work smarter, not harder. So instead of trolling through this entire document, I can pull up Gemini to help. And again, Gemini anticipates what I need and offers me and asks this PDF option. So if I tap on that, Gemini now ingest all of the rules become a pickleball expert. And that means I can ask very, so terror questions like, for example, our spin serves allowed. And let's hit that because I've heard that rule maybe changing.